## 01 改变语法思维

```
ben语录：
- ben说的都是对的
- 语感来源于——我只认识正确的句子
- 以用上一个老句子为荣，以憋出一个新句子为耻
```

**解套-用套-找茬**：

- 他是她的爸爸吗？is he her father? 什么是什么吗？

  - is she his mother? is she his aunt? is he her uncle? are you jay's father?

    are you my mom? are you my uncle? are you crazy? is she your friend？

  - is this a cow? is this your phone? is this your computer? is he a man?

  - are you happy? is this you iphone? is this your mac? is this your friend's phone?

- 我想让你去睡觉。i want you go to sleep. 想要什么去做什么

  - i want you love yourself. i want he to fuck she. i want you love me.
  - the bull want the cow go to sleep. the dog want the bitch dead.
  - i want you go to sleep on time. i want the dog to fuck the bitch.
  - she wants her boyfriend to love her. i want you to read books.

- 你动我的椅子干什么？what are you doing moving my chair? 什么做某事干什么

  - what are you doing touching me? what are you doing touching my dog?
  - what is the Negro doing climbing the wall? what is the idiot doing playing computer? 
  - what is the dumb doing moving my bag? what is the man doing shooting his dog? 
  - what is the police doing shooting black man? what is the racist doing writing some criticize?

- 我的鞋怎么会在教室里？what are my shoes doing in the classroom? 什么怎么会在什么

  - what are you doing in my bathroom? what are your pants doing in my room?
  - what is your friend's computer doing in the office? what is your phone doing in my girlfriend's room?
  - what is she doing in my father's room? what is he doing in toilet?
  - what is her mother doing in her room? what is your pen doing in my bag?